docs: note about eagerServerLoad property in exceptions article (#2896)
vaadin/docs: articles/routing/exceptions.asciidoc

The `404` [classname]`RouteNotFoundError` (for [classname]`NotFoundException`), and `500` [classname]`InternalServerError` (for [classname]`java.lang.Exception`) are implemented by default.

> [NOTE]
> ====
> Activate <<{articles}/configuration/properties/#properties,`eagerServerLoad` property>>
> to make [classname]`RouteNotFoundError` return `404` HTTP response for the navigation request in the browser.
> By default, initial request loads client-side bootsrapping first with `200` HTTP response
> and error page is rendered later. `404` HTTP response from [classname]`RouteNotFoundError`
> is only processed in the server side and never returned to the browser.
> ====

Reviewer: I don't think this needs to be a note admonition block.

I’m not entirely sure if this is correct and clear to the reader. I would like to see a clearer description of what happens by default and what the `eagerServerLoad` property controls.

```suggestion
By default, the initial request loads the client-side bootstrapping first with a HTTP 200 response and an error page is rendered later. The HTTP 404 response from [classname]`RouteNotFoundError` is only processed in the server side and never returned to the browser.

If you enable the <<{articles}/configuration/properties/#properties,`eagerServerLoad` property>>,[classname]`RouteNotFoundError` returns a HTTP 404 response for the navigation request. 
```

Author: I'll update the text a bit to make it more clear.
